# Project 0

Web Programming with Python and JavaScript

## Requirements

- Your website must contain at least four different .html pages, and it should be possible to get from
any page on your website to any other page by following one or more hyperlinks.
  - index.html page, 4 equations of Maxwell pages and symbols.html
  - all linked in nav bar
- Your website must include at least one list (ordered or unordered), at least one table, and at least one image.
  - Scientists list in index.html
  - Photo of Maxwell in index.html
  - Table of symbols used in symbols.html
- Your website must have at least one stylesheet file.
  - in /statics we have: styles.css and sass.css (generated by sass.scss)
- Your stylesheet(s) must use at least five different CSS properties, and at least five different types of CSS selectors. You must use the #id selector at least once, and the .class selector at least once.
  - Properties:
    1. font-size
    2. width
    3. background-color
    4. text-align
    5. padding-top
  - Selectors:
    1. #ampere
    2. #faraday
    3. img
    4. td
    5. .footer
- Your stylesheet(s) must include at least one mobile-responsive @media query, such that something about the styling changes for smaller screens.
  - @media resizes font-size of Ampere Law and Faraday Law equations, too long for small screens (MathJax still not able to break too long formula)
- You must use Bootstrap 4 on your website, taking advantage of at least one Bootstrap component, and using at least two Bootstrap columns for layout purposes using Bootstrap’s grid model.
  - Bootstrap heavily used. Jumbotron, table, etc.
  - Pages generally are divided in 2 columns.
- Your stylesheets must use at least one SCSS variable, at least one example of SCSS nesting, and at least one use of SCSS inheritance.
  - variable $color used to define the predominant color.
  - nesting: p in .footer
  - inheritance: .even and .odd extend %item of scientists list

## A short writeup describing this project
This project is a brief review of Maxwell's equations, each page describes each of the 4 equations, using quotations from the Wikipedia page on the subject.
The project wants to explore some of the capabilities of the MathJax framework.